DOC-6180: Added fingerprint_id section (#16915)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/crdb-internal.md

`aggregation_interval` | `INTERVAL NOT NULL` | The interval over which statistics are aggregated.
`index_recommendations` | `STRING[] NOT NULL` | An array of strings containing [index recommendations](ui-insights-page.html#schema-insights-tab) of the format `{type} : {sql query}`.

#### `fingerprint_id` column

> The value is in hexadecimal format. The following examples show how to use it to query `statement_statistics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value is in hexadecimal format. The following examples show how to use this column to query `statement_statistics`:
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions! Instead of `this column` it would be more accurate to use `this value`.

Author: updated to use `this value` and colon.
